Fix Transaction Fee Content (#3023)
w3f/polkadot-wiki: docs/learn/learn-transaction-fees.md

Fees on the Polkadot Relay Chain are calculated based on three parameters:

- A weight fee
- A length fee
- A tip (optional).

Weights are a fixed number designed to manage the time to validate a block. Each
transaction has a base weight that accounts for the overhead of inclusion (e.g. signature
verification) and a dispatch weight that accounts for the weight of a transaction 
(the time to execute the transaction). The weights in the runtime are converted to a fee.

The weight fee is the sum of the base weight + sum of the total weight consumed by call(s).

The length fee is a per-byte fee multiplier for the size of the transaction in bytes.

Together, these fees constitute the inclusion fee. 

> The inclusion fee is the base fee + length fee + adjusted weight fee.

Reviewer: There was no mention of base fee or adjusted weight fee prior to this statement

Author: The "base weight" is mentioned in the description of the weight fee
```
Weights are a fixed number designed to manage the time to validate a block. Each
transaction has a base weight that accounts for the overhead of inclusion (e.g. signature
verification) and a dispatch weight that accounts for the weight of a transaction 
(the time to execute the transaction).
```

Then, it is stated that the weights in the runtime are converted to a fee, which is where the section starts referring to the weights as fees
 ```
The weights in the runtime are converted to a fee.
```
I included the base fee description you provided to clarify, to keep the flow.

Author: Clarified the adjusted weight fee

> This is the minimum a user pays for a transaction. The inclusion fee is deducted from the sender's 

Reviewer: Base fee is the minimum amount a user pays for a transaction, not the inclusion fee.

Author: Addressed.

Fees on the Polkadot Relay Chain are calculated based on three parameters:

- A Weight fee
  - Base weight
  - Call(s) weight
- A Length fee
- A Tip (optional).

> Weights are a fixed number designed to manage the time to validate a block. Each

Reviewer: The word "designing" seems a bit off as we are talking of numbers. Just refining the sentence 

```suggestion
Weights are a fixed set of numbers that are used in Substrate based chains to manage the time it takes to validate a block. Each
```

Fees on the Polkadot Relay Chain are calculated based on three parameters:

- A Weight fee
  - Base weight
  - Call(s) weight
- A Length fee
- A Tip (optional).

Weights are a fixed set of numbers that are used in Substrate based chains to manage 
the time it takes to validate a block. Each transaction has a base weight that accounts 
for the overhead of inclusion (e.g. signature verification) and a dispatch weight that 

> accounts for the weight of a transaction (the time to execute the transaction). The weights 

Reviewer 2: A weight that accounts for the weight :upside_down_face: 

All weight, even the base weight, is a measure of time (I believe picoseconds) taken to execute on some standard hardware. So I'd adjust this sentence to capture that.

Author: Addressed

> in the runtime are converted to a fee using 
> [WeightToFee](https://docs.substrate.io/how-to-guides/v3/weights/calculate-fees/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The runtime [converts weight units to balance units](https://docs.substrate.io/how-to-guides/v3/weights/calculate-fees/) as part of the fee calculation.
```

Author: Updated

> The weight fee is the sum of the base weight + sum of the total weight consumed by call(s).

Reviewer 2: I would avoid operands unless it's clear you are in another syntax. Just write "and". And "sum of the total" is tautologous. 

"...base weight and the total weight..."

Reviewer 2: I would also elaborate that a transaction can include several calls. E.g. a `batch` can contain `bond` and `nominate`, and the weight would be _one_ base weight and then the sum of the weights for `bond` and `nominate`.

Author: Addressed

To learn more about the motivation of a weight fee, check out this 
[Substrate doc](https://docs.substrate.io/v3/concepts/weight/) on weights.
The base fee is the minimum a user pays for a transaction. 

The length fee is a per-byte fee multiplier for the size of the transaction in bytes.

> There is also a targeted fee adjustment that serves as a multiplier which can tune the 

Reviewer 2: Not can, does :)

Author: Updated

final fee based on network congestion. This can constitute an adjusted weight fee which is 

> calculated as the targeted fee adjustment \* weight fee.

Reviewer 2: Also just write it out. "times the weight fee"

Author: Updated

Together, these fees constitute the inclusion fee. The inclusion fee is the 

> base fee + length fee + adjusted weight fee.

Reviewer 2: ditto

Author: Updated

The inclusion fee is deducted from the sender's account before transaction execution. 
A portion of the fee will go to the block author, and the remainder will go to the 
[Treasury](learn-treasury.md). This is 20% and 80%, respectively.

Tips are an optional transaction fee that users can add. Tips are not part of the inclusion fee 

> and are included on top of the inclusion fee, only for signed transactions. The entire tip goes 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and are included as an incentive to block authors to prioritize a transaction. The entire tip goes 
```

Author: Updated

Fees on the Polkadot Relay Chain are calculated based on three parameters:

- A Weight fee
  - Base weight
  - Call(s) weight
- A Length fee
- A Tip (optional).

Weights are a fixed set of numbers used in Substrate-based chains to manage the time it 
takes to validate a block. Each transaction has a base weight that accounts for the overhead 
of inclusion (e.g. signature verification) and a dispatch weight that 
accounts for the time to execute the transaction. All weights, even the base weight, 
are a measure of time to execute on some standard hardware.

The runtime 
[converts weight units to balance units](https://docs.substrate.io/how-to-guides/v3/weights/calculate-fees/) 
as part of the fee calculation.

The weight fee is the sum of the base weight and the sum of the total weight consumed by 
call(s). 

> A transaction can include several calls. For instance, a `batch` can contain `bond` and `nominate`, 
> and the weight would be one base weight and then the sum of the weights for `bond` and `nominate`.

To learn more about the motivation of a weight fee, check out this 
[Substrate doc](https://docs.substrate.io/v3/concepts/weight/) on weights.

> The base fee is the minimum a user pays for a transaction. 

Reviewer 2: I would actually remove this sentence. It's only true in theory (if a call had 0 weight and 0 length), and a bit confusing because readers might think that they can actually get fees down to this level.

In practice, the inclusion fee is the minimum fee to get a transaction included.

Author: Right makes sense, updated:)

The length fee is a per-byte fee multiplier for the size of the transaction in bytes.

There is also a targeted fee adjustment that serves as a multiplier which tunes the 
final fee based on network congestion. This can constitute an adjusted weight fee calculated 
as the targeted fee adjustment times the weight fee.

Together, these fees constitute the inclusion fee. The inclusion fee is the 
base fee plus the length fee plus the adjusted weight fee.

The inclusion fee is deducted from the sender's account before transaction execution. 
A portion of the fee will go to the block author, and the remainder will go to the 
[Treasury](learn-treasury.md). This is 20% and 80%, respectively.

Tips are an optional transaction fee that users can add. Tips are not part of the inclusion 

> fee and are an incentive to block authors from prioritizing a transaction, and the entire 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
fee and are an incentive to block authors for prioritizing a transaction, and the entire 
```
